# Spreadsheets and OpenRefine Feedback - 20/02/19

At the end of the day attendees were asked to put one thing that they 
had liked about the course on their green sticky and one thing that
they had not or that could have been done better. Feedback is anonymous.
Comments by the author have been inserted with a `[ ]`.

## The Good


* I like the features of OpenRefine I can use to check my dat.
  Thank you for intro.
* Liked the interface of openrefine & the unique use of data
  from a website! Helpers were very responsive when required :)
* I liked the idea that there were a lot of people around to help.
  Good idea with the sticky notes.
* The lesson was very easily [sic] to follow, well explained for a
  person that is not very used to computer staff [sic]
* Helpful staff.
* This is a great initiative. I hope more sessions and different levels
  can be carried out.
* I really liked learning how to clea data in open refine using the
  example of the epcc staff list. This is directly applicable to
  parts of my project. Great session!
* I really liked the part about openrefine which is a really cool tool
  that I did not know before.
  Would be good to have more of these workshops.
* Thanks for the example of scraping data from a web page. Interesting
  example
* Nice to arrange data properly.
* Thanks for helping us to help [sic]
  It was really nice to have helpers. I tends [sic] to get lost.
* I didn't know about OpenRefine. It's an interesting tool, not
  just from data from Excel, also from [sic] data from internet.
  I've just wasted my time adding to Excel one by one. Thanks a lot.
* The course material was clear & easy to follow. It demonstrated
  the power of a tool that I had no knowledge of.
* Easy to follow the course even for begginers [sic].
  Tools presented are really usefull
* I hadn't previously heard of OpenRefine but I now know the
  capabilities it has and what it can do for my data in the
  future
* It's really good that there are many tutors to help us. The workshop
  was really good. Thanks :)
* I really liked the atmosphere of the workshop, provided information
  & tips! I overall enjoyed a lot.
* I liked the way how easily cumulative sorting can be done in Open Refine
  And there is no complicated command! Pretty straight forward
* I thinkk the hands-on instruction is most helpful.
* Good introduction :)
  It's giving me a starting point to play with the tools on my own.
* Very Cool. I enjoyed especially using the Open Refine. So cool.
  Open my eyes to what I could do with my data/org[?] data[?]

## The Bad


* Thank you for the lesson. Once [sic] felt lost, because missed some
  operations. Don't think it was a big issue. But a list of instructions
  might be helpful (separate [sic]
* It can be difficult to hear a lecturer while people are working with
  demonstrators. We could also go moe quickly.
  [I was surprised as well by the amount of background chatter that
   was generated by demonstrators working with people having difficulties]
* Course aterial required was not obvious, i.e. web materials not in
  one place. Pace a little slow.
* setup time was pretty long - would be great to have this downloaded
  of time/resources to refer to beforehand. Resources could be easier
  to access - single link.
* sometimes mario lost the audience, i.e. to [sic] much info at once.
* The Excel session was a bit too long (but still useful) and it was
  sometimes difficult to follow what Mario was saying because people
  were talking + asking questions but I don't know how that can be
  solved.
* Excel part was a bit too long as it was very basic.
* A bit hard to follow. Some things (beginning) with the slides are
  very easy to follow and then quite hard to take notes at the same
  time.
* [This content had been scored out but was still legible]
  Too much reading and repeating of what is explicitly written on
  a slide. A lot of redundant information "we are not going to look
  into ..." or not very important. Why fill slides with that kind
  of information?
* Las part was not very clear (staff names)
* I lost last part
* I got lost when we wre using Open Refine and at the first part.
  Go slowly can help.
* The dataset used as an example did not correspond to the kind of
  data I generate, so made it difficult to see how to apply it to
  my data
* I didn't know I need to download Open Refine.
  It's not clear yet how I will use what I learn with my data.
* A couple of more hands on examples would have been great
* I think the program steps could be explained slowly.
* I think that the content could be extended a little with more
  practical and "playing" time.
* Please instruct students/helpers to speak not as loudly/quieter
  than instructor
* Some examples of solving a biological question would be nice
  And did not really understand how the plotting worked.
